fix: Missing description and images (#731)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/help-and-support/troubleshooting-guide/application-errors.md

---
sidebar_position: 4

> description: You'll learn about common application errors and how to resolve them on Appsmith.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Troubleshoot the issues with your Appsmith applications. This page includes a list of common errors, causes, and solutions to help you resolve application issues.
```
